add xsoar to names (#690)
demisto/content-docs: docs/partners/become-a-tech-partner.md

## 6. Provide our Team with Product Access

As an automation platform, it shouldn’t surprise you that we’ve also automated our integration testing and deployment. We do nightly tests of each integration in order to confirm functionality and, in order to do this, we request access to your product and/or APIs. Preferably, the instance will have all data related to the integration use cases, so they can be tested. E.g. if one of the use cases is ingesting incidents to Cortex XSOAR, the instance should have demo incidents. This access is not used for any other purpose.

> Before submitting the integration, please work with the Palo Alto Networks BD Team to share access.

Reviewer: Can we completely remove this part? we. don't enforce or check it. anymore at all.

Author: I went back and forth about it, will remove.

## 7. Submit a GitHub Pull Request

> Once you have completed development of your content or integration, please [submit a Pull Request](/docs/contributing/contributing) on our GitHub Content Repo. The title of the Pull Request must contain the *Partner ID* we provided earlier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have completed development of your content or integration, please [submit a Pull Request](/docs/contributing/contributing) on our GitHub Content Repo. You will be required to fill in a contribution form that includes details like your *Partner ID* and some other details.
```
Obviously feel free to play with the grammar
